we have here is in 1947 Gibson script
logo j45 right now one of the best
things you can buy if you're looking to
invest is script logo Gibson acoustics
one of the features of this guitar is
that it has a tapered head stock it's
skinnier here and fatter here that
brings the angle of the strings down
over the nut better reinforces tone in
this area gives you a much louder torso
very few people do this as days build
guitars the tapered has snow now this
guitar is unique because it's been
refinished which makes it less than new
and less than half of a similar one in
ideal condition it has a K&K pick up the
neck has been reset and it's been
refresh roop all the way up the neck
now a reset neck is going to run you
four to five hundred dollars a good reef
ret is going to run you three to five
hundred dollars K&K pickup is going to
run you a couple hundred dollars all
this stuff set up adjustement ready to
take out and play ready to plug in
otherwise the guitar is in really good
condition we have a honduran mahogany
back there is a repaired crack back here
Honduran mahogany sides quarter-sawn
Honduran mahogany neck the neck is big
which gives you a little more punch
its crack free on the top mm-hmm real
wide grain a red spruce top very much a
cool guitar pre-war Gibson's buy them
while you can
you